Do you want Lin Ye to participate?
Why not?
Didn't you say that you can participate if you have the ability?
Lin Yi can treat vegetative people
You still want to continue the engagement
Grandpa has just announced in public that the marriage is invalid
Who to marry is not marriage
I'll tell you what.
If you still want me to marry Lei Zhi and marry you
Dead heart
And maybe with Lin Yan's ability
Can really admit the cloud-piercing arrow
But he pretended to be the Lord of Kunlun
It's dead now
Bragging at best
Not to mention impersonation
And Lei Zhi is on the line
Isn't it just to get revenge on Lin Yan?
Since the meritocracy banquet held by Kunlun Yimai
Then I believe
Naturally not incompetent because of this trivial matter
But okay, it's settled.
Three days later, it will bring you blood overnight
You can't go home and say
It's public.
Even if I don't say it, he will be found out
Let him forget what happened
I asked for leave in a thousand words.
Know I said this
Then you can give me some honest training
If you dare not speak, no one will
Not beaten up
Diligent and thrifty
Forestry counts, I beg you?
For the sake of our fiancées
Promise me this will end today
Don't provoke Li Qiang again
Yeah, and then go sign up for a college
The family cannot understand
Then you will have some status
People don't dare to touch you blatantly
If he doesn't touch me, I will touch him too
What is this Lei's hat doing?
You have to bring it.
Owe him first, okay?
Look at our face in three minutes
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Just for the sake of you guys
Pause and let him go once
Then you go to the store room to rest today.
I'll take you to a study party in three days
We just woke up
There's still a lot to do
Take care of yourself
It just so happens that I have something to go home to deal with